# Close_the_door
forex_try is aimed at identifying income among the customer database. I created a test transaction history of 100 clients based on the trades of free trading robots from Metatrader 5.

You can check the performance of the forecast on the presented data by following the instructions:       
1 - download the Deals_History_test.csv file by clicking on the "Download data" button;    
2 - you can view the downloaded data using the "Show data" button;     
3 - select the features that will be used to train the model and forecast by clicking on the "Select features" button;     
3.1 click on the feature numbers, 6 is available (short names are listed above);     
3.2 click "Ok" and close the window;     
4 - you can perform a single analysis for the date you specified by clicking on "Predict for one date";            
4.1 specify the date in the Year-month-day format (the optimal time range is from 2022-08-01 to 2022-11-20);     
4.2 click Ok;    
4.3 a list of three values will appear in the window after processing. This is the percentage of model's guessing the positive result, generated by the robots on average for a week and for a month, separately for a week and separately for a month;   
5 - you can analyze the effectiveness of the model for a period by clicking on the "Predict for custom period" button;      
5.1 specify the two dates in the Year-month-day format (the optimal time range is from 2022-08-01 to 2022-11-20);      
5.2 click "Ok";     
5.3 You can view the results of the analysis by clicking on the "Results" button.The program will analyze the effectiveness of the model training process based on the data for each week within the time period specified by the user. It will then present the analysis results in both graphical and tabular formats.         

Main Menu:        
Download data - download .csv file with transaction history.     
Show data - creates a window with a data table to view     
Select features - opens a window for selecting features that are involved in training the model. Decryption in the same window;     
Describe stat- was previously created to reflect a brief summary of the downloaded data. At the time of publication, this item does not work.      
Predict for one date - opens a window with a field for entering the date at which the analysis will be performed. (for a week, a month ahead, all of them). After processing the data, a list with success percentages for a particular period will be displayed above the button.      
Predict for custom period - creates an analysis as in the Predict for one date button, but for the period specified by the user. By clicking the results button, it displays a table of the results of the evaluation of the run and a graph with these values.      
Current predict - creating the current forecast. The last date that was in the downloaded data is used as the date of analysis. Then the model is trained and forms a further forecast. The results of the above forecast will be saved in the file directory.       
